[STORY-678] feat(db): Add new db dashboard documentation [PG PART] (#2847)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-backing-up.md

1. From your web browser, open your [database dashboard]({% post_url databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-getting-started %}#accessing-the-scalingo-for-postgresql-dashboard)
2. Click the **Backups** tab
3. Locate the **Backup schedule** block

> 4. Click on the **Schedule** button and make sure to check **I want to enable scheduled backups**
> 5. Chose the time in UTC
> 6. Click the **Update** button to validate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the **Schedule** button
5. Make sure to check the **I want to enable scheduled backups** checkbox
6. Pick an hour (**timezone is UTC**)
7. Validate by clicking the **Update** button
```
